all right all right is the first
beginners video on how did you take them
now this video with is basically for
beginners sony showing out of my crew
tricks and all the ships rhythmically
and basically yeah i'll be teaching big
it is how to be cool around people who
can actually use sector to actually get
some reputation from it so yeah i'll be
keep talking so number one in this video
i'll be showing you how to do tricks I
don't perform them are the right you
know I won't be showing all the special
treasure kiss gift from various good
flesh you he'll flip speaker deaf in my
other videos put it in a high if i make
shown things tactics an actual expensive
than watching and yeah and there was
actually just make sure you have a screw
because for instance show you my broken
thing here and watch my bag and look at
it so smashed up i'm selling on ebay
first about this add me alright so and
you probably helping even me um wanna be
this is a 8 hard thing and I say if I
think I should help you a lot like
basically annoying what you do these are
not a really expensive doing are about
thirty dollars $35 Cody are not much i
live in dubai so the kibosh on some
Polydorus it comes with a free stick
which about this please show
okay this much is safe for my sony
holding that plays with the sample
giving Wiggy too guys it's chilling
stunts all right Preston how do you do
the trick you probably start off when
you try to detect any random changes
comes up for dirty quite interesting T
so but what you have to do is exactly it
is easy if you put two hands on the
Taylor when deciding I want pat on the
tail you see the feel how you do it and
swung by the middle or just a quarter
way to acquire way through the thing you
see I have a line i randomly makes it
much easier to actually see where you
put your finger all right starters what
you do is for some beginner you should
ask you who you're getting towards back
in then do stuff like this all this that
see what you doing you proof push please
click with Patrick this isn't just click
to do this and make sure your finger to
follow the skateboard when it's spinning
and push down on the right moment
alright so what sorry like that
Apollo estate in land hiccupping that's
the basics of how to do a trick and yeah
looking looking youtube for the vm the
video number beginner's guide number two
which will show more information this is
jae's broadcasting in youtube and
cameraman is kiara place yourself hello
show your face hello alright alright if
you want to actually email me today the
please write down my ear I can help you
and do everything for you and underscore
haseeb which is high felt h eh l dubba e
be 811 @ hotmail.com not many I just
just email me view on any quarter and if
you want to know him more stuff on the
beginner and video number one so
beginners guide